That's right, my good sister.
Be ungrateful.
Sun Shao saved you, you should throw yourself away
It's the right thing to do.
He helped us and the Lin family helped you too
How do you get married?
I would love to.
I dream of marrying Sun Shao
To tell you the truth
I had a dream about us the other day
It's night in the bridal chamber
So unhappy
Too bad it's not as beautiful as you
Sun Shao doesn't like me
Cut the crap
Li Mingjiao
You don't want to go back on me, do you?
Hey no no no
Hey, I will never regret what I promised
That's what we promised.
Never regret it, right?
All right
I'm afraid something will change after waiting for a long time.
I'm going to bed now.
You will arrange a room for me right away
I'm going to shock him to death
Not this, this, Mr. Sun, this is not good, right?
What's wrong with that?
Did you just propose marriage after all?
What happened to just proposing marriage?
Young Master Sun is so sincere
Could it be that you still have to spoil Lingling Jiao?
Don't say what Mr. Sun means tonight
Immediately arrange a room for Bing Jiao and Sun Shao to send to
I will not agree
Forget it.
Is it okay if you don't agree?
I see you have a big temper.
Still my means hard salute
sir
Take him to your bedroom with Sun Shang
Yes
Let go of me who dares to touch him